EZEE-2790: Calendar events (#993)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/extending/customizing_calendar.md

    private $translator;
    private $actions;

    public function __construct(iterable $actions, TranslatorInterface $translator)
    {
        $this->actions = new EventActionCollection($actions);
        $this->translator = $translator;
    }

    public function getTypeIdentifier(): string
    {
        return self::EVENT_TYPE_IDENTIFIER;
    }

    public function getTypeLabel(): string
    {
        return $this->translator->trans(
            /** @Desc("Bank holidays") */
            'bank_holiday.label',
            [],
            'app_calendar_events'
        );
    }

    public function getEventName(Event $event): string
    {
        return $event->getId();
    }

    public function getActions(): EventActionCollection
    {
        return $this->actions;
    }
}
```

The identifier defined in lines 23-26 can be used later in [configuration](#customizing-colors-and-icons).

Complete the procedure by registering the new event in `config/services.yaml`:

``` yaml
services:
    // ...
    App\Calendar\Holidays\EventType:
        arguments:
            $actions: []
        tags:
            - { name: ezplatform.calendar.event_type }
```

## Configuring event sources

> To add specific Events to your calendar, you need to create a source factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add specific Events to your calendar, you need to create a event source.
```
Just to clarify: `EventSourceFactory` is not the part of Calendar API. It's role is to help create `InMemoryEventSource` in order to be able to register it as service in DIC.  

What you actually need to do is provide an `\EzSystems\EzPlatformCalendar\Calendar\EventSource\EventSourceInterface` implementation  e.g `InMemoryEventSource`  However In the real life scenarios usage of `InMemorySourceProvider`  is limited so we should provide any example how to implement `EventSourceInterface` from scratch. 

Also worth to mention is `\EzSystems\EzPlatformCalendar\Calendar\LanguageBasedEvent` interface. In pratice it allows to filter events by the language (`InMemoryEventSource` will take it into the account).

Reviewer 2: Ah, interesting... could you elaborate on why you consider `InMemoryEventSource` as limited in real life ?

Reviewer: The main limitation is memory usage. `InMemoryEventSource` stores all available entries in- memory and filter out the events which don't match the requested criteria in runtime (e.g. time range, type, pagination limit). It's optimal for small datasets e.g. bank holidays, employee birthdays and is super easy to implement. 

In the case of 
* datasets that grow over time 
* " heavy" event objects (in terms of memory or instantiation time)
* 3-rd party API limits 
you won't be able to load all data into memory at once or this will be not optimal e.g. content scheduled for publication/hide in a large organization. 

This problem solves custom `EventSourceInterface` implementation: you are loading only events that are necessary (e.g. only from the specific time frame) however it requires much more effort from the developer.

    }
}
```

!!! note

    When creating the list of events for `$collection_example = new EventCollection()`, you must put all the `createEvent()` entities chronologically.
    
    For example:
    
    ``` php
    $collection_example = new EventCollection([
        $this->createEvent("Event 1", new DateTime("2020-01-01")),
        $this->createEvent("Event 2", new DateTime("2020-01-02")),
        // ...
    ```    

The event source must be registered in `config/services.yaml`:

``` yaml
App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSourceFactory:
    arguments:
        $eventType: '@App\Calendar\Holidays\EventType'

App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSource:
    class: EzSystems\EzPlatformCalendar\Calendar\EventSource\InMemoryEventSource
    factory: ['@App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSourceFactory','createEventSource']
    tags:
        - { name: ezplatform.calendar.event_source }
```

### Importing events from external sources

You can also import events from external sources.

For example, to import a list of bank holidays from a json file:

``` json
[
  {
    "date": "2020-01-01",
    "name": "New Year Day"
  },
  {
    "date": "2020-12-25",
    "name": "Christmas Day"
  },

>   //...

Reviewer 2: Not valid in JSON.

# Customizing Calendar widget

!!! enterprise

    By default, the Calendar widget enables you to display all scheduled events and perform basic actions on them.
    You can also configure it to display your custom event types or display them from [custom sources](#configuring-event-sources).

    Optionally, you can [change the colors and icons](#customizing-colors-and-icons) and make the widget look differently depending on the [SiteAccess configuration](../siteaccess.md#configuring-siteaccesses).

    ## Configuring custom events

>     This example shows how to create custom Events which add Bank holidays to the calendar.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This example shows you how to create custom events which add bank holidays to the calendar.
```

            $this->translator = $translator;
        }

        public function getTypeIdentifier(): string
        {
            return self::EVENT_TYPE_IDENTIFIER;
        }

        public function getTypeLabel(): string
        {
            return $this->translator->trans(
                /** @Desc("Bank holidays") */
                'bank_holiday.label',
                [],
                'app_calendar_events'
            );
        }

        public function getEventName(Event $event): string
        {
            return $event->getId();
        }

        public function getActions(): EventActionCollection
        {
            return $this->actions;
        }
    }
    ```

    The identifier defined in lines 23-26 can be used later in [configuration](#customizing-colors-and-icons).

    Complete the procedure by registering the new event type in `config/services.yaml`:

    ``` yaml
    services:
        // ...
        App\Calendar\Holidays\EventType:
            arguments:
                $actions: []
            tags:
                - { name: ezplatform.calendar.event_type }
    ```

    ## Configuring event sources

>     To add specific Events to your calendar, you need to create an event source.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    To add specific events to your calendar, you need to create an event source.
```

        }

        private function createEvent(string $id, DateTimeInterface $dateTime): Event
        {
            return new Event($id, $dateTime, $this->eventType);
        }
    }
    ```

    !!! note

        When creating the list of events for `$collection_example = new EventCollection()`, you must put all the `createEvent()` entities chronologically.
        
        For example:
        
        ``` php
        $collection_example = new EventCollection([
            $this->createEvent("Event 1", new DateTime("2020-01-01")),
            $this->createEvent("Event 2", new DateTime("2020-01-02")),
            // ...
        ```    

    The event source must be registered in `config/services.yaml`:

    ``` yaml
    App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSourceFactory:
        arguments:
            $eventType: '@App\Calendar\Holidays\EventType'

    App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSource:
        class: EzSystems\EzPlatformCalendar\Calendar\EventSource\InMemoryEventSource
        factory: ['@App\Calendar\Holidays\EventSourceFactory','createEventSource']
        tags:
            - { name: ezplatform.calendar.event_source }
    ```

    ### Importing events from external sources

>     You can also import events from external sources.
> 
>     For example, to import a list of bank holidays from a json file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    You can also import events from external sources, e.g. a JSON file:
```
